load by team
	in 6rc
	out of 6rc

minimum spanning tree for all patients

plot number of patients in all teams along with mst weights

1. It would be nice to see the graphs, again, with the following changes:
   a. a smaller window of time, say a month or two or a year
   b. overlay the smoothed MST weight as well as the daily fluctuations
   c. also nice just to see smoothed MST weights over longer periods

2. investigate the distribution of edge weights within an MST
   a. might be nice to plot, by team, the weight of the longest edge
      in MST (gives a qualitative view of any differences in the
      teams?)
   b. look at LOS for patients who are often "far away" in terms of
      distance along MST to team home vs. patients who are only rarely
      "far away" (need to define criteria; maybe top 25th percentile
      of some measure?)

3. (more sophisticated clustering) use MST clustering (repeatedly drop
largest remaining edge in MST until you reach an end condition, like
all connected components have fewer than 1/N patients from the MST) to
subdivide patients into local clusters.


--

cluster (cut 1 or 10%)
weight each patient by load their cluster accounts for
      distribution by patient over time
      locate "distal" patients
      correlate length of stay with distality of patients
      remove diabetic patients?

caffe berkley

distality vs. delta-xlos = los - (xlos (expected length of stay) in visits)
      ** color this plot by actual length of stay
      ** investigate the reason for the shape of the graph


---

team mobility vs delta-los
      smoothed team mst weight -> take upper and lower 5%
      
1. Consider the plots of delta(los-xlos) vs. distality. Sort the data
points by distality and using some small number of datapoints (a
vertical strip of 100 at a time? depends how many are in each team's
plot) compute an average delta and plot this trend against
distality. might be nice to also have standard deviations if possible
-- series of box/whiskers one per slice arrayed left to right.

2. Consider the plot of mobility by team over 10 years. Take a single
year (your choice) and smooth each team's plot over X days. For each
team, find periods of at least Y days where the moving average
mobility is in the top 5% for that team, and periods of at least Y
days where the moving average mobility is in the bottom 5% for that
team. Assign patient delta(los-xlos) to these regions in some
reasonable way (for patients admitted/discharged in the region, it
isn't a problem -- maybe start with just those -- or, alternatively,
include some weighted fraction of the delta for patients that persist
beyond the region in your calculation of the average delta(los-xlos)
for the region). compare these averages for top 5% and bottom 5%
within each team using a t-test or even a signed ranks test; are they
significanly different?  if so, then "busier" teams have greater
deleterious impact on their patients.

firstdate times
A
2004-11-14 11:39:59
B
2004-12-19 09:32:59
C
2004-11-15 12:38:59
D
2004-12-30 12:13:59

++++++++

send segre cleaned transfers
writeup summary of everything

****

trow away patients to make pool more and more sedentry check shape of dlos trend graph
everything with distance